README.md, before:

# HarryfrescoAngular
test
This project was generated using [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 19.0.0.

## Development server

To start a local development server, run:

```bash
ng serve
```

Once the server is running, open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload whenever you modify any of the source files.


## To Build and Deploy

```bash
ng build --base-href="https://harryfresco.co.uk/"
```
Then, copy contents of browser folder up a level, to sit in docs
Copy index.html and rename the copy to 404.html
Make sure CNAME with harryfresco.co.uk is at the same level as index.html
Then commit and push to Git

## OR use the build script

Run buildScrip.sh to do the above steps for you

## Code scaffolding

Angular CLI includes powerful code scaffolding tools. To generate a new component, run:

```bash
ng generate component component-name
```

For a complete list of available schematics (such as `components`, `directives`, or `pipes`), run:

```bash
ng generate --help
```

## Building

To build the project run:

```bash
ng build
```

This will compile your project and store the build artifacts in the `dist/` directory. By default, the production build optimizes your application for performance and speed.

## Running unit tests

To execute unit tests with the [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io) test runner, use the following command:

```bash
ng test
```

## Running end-to-end tests

For end-to-end (e2e) testing, run:

```bash
ng e2e
```

Angular CLI does not come with an end-to-end testing framework by default. You can choose one that suits your needs.

## Additional Resources

For more information on using the Angular CLI, including detailed command references, visit the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.dev/tools/cli) page.

Commit message:

Added mobile tests and removed hardcoded variables

README.md, after:

# HarryfrescoAngular
test
This project was generated using [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 19.0.0.

## Development server

To start a local development server, run:

```bash
ng serve
```

Once the server is running, open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload whenever you modify any of the source files.


## To Build and Deploy

```bash
ng build --base-href="https://harryfresco.co.uk/"
```
Then, copy contents of browser folder up a level, to sit in docs
Copy index.html and rename the copy to 404.html
Make sure CNAME with harryfresco.co.uk is at the same level as index.html
Then commit and push to Git

## OR use the build script

Run buildScrip.sh to do the above steps for you

## To run tests
```bash
npx playwright test --ui
```
or to run in CLI:
```bash
npx playwright test
```
## To run the Playwright Codegen
```bash
npx playwright codegen harryfresco.co.uk
```

## Code scaffolding

Angular CLI includes powerful code scaffolding tools. To generate a new component, run:

```bash
ng generate component component-name
```

For a complete list of available schematics (such as `components`, `directives`, or `pipes`), run:

```bash
ng generate --help
```

## Building

To build the project run:

```bash
ng build
```

This will compile your project and store the build artifacts in the `dist/` directory. By default, the production build optimizes your application for performance and speed.

## Running unit tests

To execute unit tests with the [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io) test runner, use the following command:

```bash
ng test
```

## Running end-to-end tests

For end-to-end (e2e) testing, run:

```bash
ng e2e
```

Angular CLI does not come with an end-to-end testing framework by default. You can choose one that suits your needs.

## Additional Resources

For more information on using the Angular CLI, including detailed command references, visit the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.dev/tools/cli) page.
